---
title: Google Ads Stats
excerpt: Understand the statistical information available for Google Ads campaigns
deprecated: false
hidden: false
metadata:
  title: ''
  description: ''
  robots: index
next:
  description: ''
---
# Campaign Stats

Once the campaign is live, you can view its stats by navigating to _Google Ads_ under _Campaigns_ on the CleverTap dashboard and selecting the campaign of interest to view its deliveries, clicks, and conversions.

[block:image]
{
  "images": [
    {
      "image": [
        "https://files.readme.io/745a5cba45bb16186039e81b2872da60f030036cf13ca22493ea675105a3a68a-g_states.png",
        "Google Ads Feature in Campaigns",
        "View Campaign Stats on the CleverTap Dashboard"
      ],
      "align": "center",
      "border": true,
      "caption": "View Campaign Stats on the CleverTap Dashboard"
    }
  ]
}
[/block]


Click to open the selected campaign. The _Stats_ for the selected campaign displays.

You can track the following stats for Google Ads campaigns:

[block:image]
{
  "images": [
    {
      "image": [
        "https://files.readme.io/5188279-Google_AdWords_Campaign_Stats.png",
        "Track Stats for Google Ads campaigns",
        5226
      ],
      "align": "center",
      "border": true,
      "caption": "Track Stats for Google Ads campaigns"
    }
  ]
}
[/block]


- **Sent**: Indicates the total number of notifications delivered to user devices.
- **Impressions**: Indicates the total number of devices that receive the notifications. The percentage value for Impressions is calculated as follows: [(Impressions/Sent) x 100]. It is available only for CleverTap SDK 3.5.1 and above.
- **Clicks**: Indicates the number of clicks generated by the campaign. The percentage value is calculated as follows: [(Clicks/Sent) * 100]
- **CTR**: Indicates the clickthrough rate of the campaign. It is calculated as follows: [(Click/Impressions) * 100].
- **Amount Spent**: Indicates the amount of money spent on the ad campaign with which the audience is associated on Google Ads.